initial (mostly empty) PDF-AAM doc (#2356)
w3c/aria: pdf-aam/README.md

> # Specification 'core-aam'
> 
> This is the repository for Core Accessibility API Mappings (core-aam), which is part of the [ARIA suite](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/deliverables). General information about editing specifications is in the [main ARIA repository readme](https://github.com/w3c/aria/).

Author: ```suggestion
# Specification 'pdf-aam'

This is the repository for PDF Accessibility API Mappings (pdf-aam), which is part of the [ARIA suite](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/deliverables). General information about editing specifications is in the [main ARIA repository readme](https://github.com/w3c/aria/).
```
